Caramel Brulée Latte
-Steamed milk with an espresso, flavored with a caramel Brulée sauce
 and topped with whipped cream and caramel Brulée topping.

Chestnut Praline Latte
-A seasonal chestnut infused chocolate flavour in espresso
 with steamed milk, topped with whipped cream. 

Fudge Hot Chocolate
-A deliciously creamy, chocolaty blend, topped with whipped 
cream and golden white chocolate curls. 

Eggnog Latte
-The Starbucks Christmas classic. Real eggnog, mixed with a bit of milk, 
espresso, and topped with nutmeg on top. 

Gingerbread Latte
-Another Christmas classic, a fresh latte with a couple of shots of gingerbread 
syrup, topped with whipped cream and nutmeg. 

Cookie Latte
-A buttery creamy latte infused with shortbread cookie
 sauce, topped with whipped cream, shortbread cookie
 drizzle and butter cookie crumbles. 

Peppermint Mocha
-A classic mocha with peppermint syrup, topped with whipped 
cream and some festive red sprinkles.

Toffee Nut Latte
-A freshly steamed latte with toffee nut syrup and crunchy
 toffee sprinkles.

Apple Crumble Latte
-Steamed milk with an espresso, flavored with a carmel
 apple spice syrup and topped with crumbled-style pieces.

Peppermint Hot Chocolate
-A twist on the Peppermint Mocha, lose the coffee
 and go for a hot chocolate with peppermint syrup,
 whipped cream and festive red sprinkles. 

Peppermint Mocha Frappuccino
-As with the Eggnog Latte, you can also order a 
Peppermint Mocha as a blended ice drink, a mocha 
Frappuccino with peppermint syrup, whipped cream and 
of course the red sprinkles. 


Salted Caramel Mocha
-Espresso and steamed milk, with mocha
 sauce and toffee nut syrup. Topped with whipped cream, 
caramel sauce and a mixture of turbinado sugar and sea salt. 



PASTRIES

Eclair au chocolat

A true classic that never lets you down. The real 
French chocolate éclairs have a chocolate cream 
filling, and not some kind of vanilla custard like 
many recipes in English would have you believe.

Kouign Amann
-An amazing caramelized specialty from Brittany made with A LOT of butter, which is a 
prerequisite to achieve pastry heaven.

Far Breton
-This prune cake is one of the most mouthwatering gifts Brittany has 
offered to the world.


Canelés
-This Bordeaux specialty tastes like vanilla and rum — in other words, it tastes like
 heaven.

Chocolate Religieuse
-One of France’s most popular pastries, the religieuse exists in many flavors but you can 
never go wrong with coffee and chocolate.

Saint Honoré
-Cream puffs + pastry cream + whipped cream = 
food orgasm guaranteed


Meringues
-Crunchy, sticky, and sweet, meringues are ridiculously 
good and addictive.


Mille-feuille
-Puff pastry and custard united in a wonderful and
 exquisite dessert.
